ITEL won the contract in 1992 ?
ITEL won the contract in 1992 ?
All residents of the North American continent can travel freely within Europe ?
Bill spoke to Mary on Monday ?
ITEL existed in 1992 ?
Bill spoke to Mary ?
Both commissioners used to be in business ?
Smith lived in Birmingham in 1992 ?
Dumbo is a small animal ?
Dumbo is a small animal ?
ITEL won more than one order ?
John said Bill had been hurt ?
Few committee members are from southern Europe ?
Each European has the right to live in Europe ?
Some accountants attended the meeting ?
ITEL won the contract in 1992 ?
Smith owned a chain of business for more than two years ?
There is a car that John and Bill own ?
APCOM won some orders ?
ITEL made a loss in 1993 ?
If it was suggested that Bill and Frank's boss should go together, it was suggested that Carl and Alan's wife should go together ?
ITEL won a contract in 1993 ?
Eight machines have been removed ?
APCOM lost some orders ?
Smith spent two years running his own business ?
Fido is a small animal ?
John spoke to Sue ?
Smith ran his own business ?
Jones claimed Smith had costed Jones' proposal ?
Some delegates finished the survey ?
An Irishman won a Nobel prize ?
John is a university student ?
At least three commissioners spend time at home ?
Smith owned a chain of business for two years ?
At most ten commissioners spend time at home ?
There are great tenors who are British ?
Most companies that own a computer have a service contract for it ?
There are great tenors who sing popular music ?
ITEL won some orders ?
Jones swam after Smith swam ?
Every Ancient Greek was a noted philosopher ?
Mary has a workstation ?
Ten machines were here yesterday ?
One of the commissioners spends a lot of time at home ?
Jones was writing a report before Smith was writing a report ?
There are few committee members from Portugal ?
Smith spent more than two years running his own business ?
All fat legal authorities are fat law lecturers ?
Mary used a workstation ?
ITEL delivered reports late in 1993 ?
Mary has a workstation ?
Jones claimed he had costed Smith's proposal ?
Smith took five laptop computers to the meeting ?
Bill said Peter wrote a report ?
ITEL won at least eleven orders ?
Jones has a company car ?
Smith will make a poor stock market trader ?
The PC-6082 is faster than the ITEL-ZX ?
If it was suggested that Bill and Frank's boss should go together, it was suggested that Carl and Alan should go together ?
Every Ancient Greek was a noted philosopher ?
There are tenors who will contribute their fees to charity ?
APCOM has a more important customer than ITEL is ?
Smith saw Jones sign the contract ?
Bill spoke to Mary at five o'clock ?
Mary's story lasted as long as Jones's updating the program ?
Every representative and every client was at the meeting ?
Mary used her workstation ?
None
There was one auditor who signed all the reports ?
All competent legal authorities are competent law lecturers ?