The doctor advised the president ?
The managers saw the student ?
The tourists supported the professors ?
The doctor supported the senators ?
The senator admired the judges ?
The banker supported the professor ?
The doctors saw the judge ?
The professor stopped the president ?
The artists called the judges ?
The judge helped the students ?
The scientist advised the lawyer ?
The athletes helped the president ?
The senator contacted the manager ?
The bankers avoided the scientist ?
The manager saw the actors ?
The scientist stopped the student ?
The lawyers admired the the secretaries ?
The professor contacted the authors ?
The judges encouraged the lawyer ?
The senators helped the the professors ?
The tourists introduced the manager ?
The tourists saw the lawyer ?
The lawyer admired the students ?
The tourists recognized the lawyers ?
The authors helped the judges ?
The secretary thanked the author ?
The athlete believed the actor ?
The managers believed the author ?
The lawyers helped the secretaries ?
The athlete encouraged the secretary ?
The scientist saw the actor ?
The athletes contacted the professor ?
The artists admired the senator ?
The professors advised the lawyers ?
The artist encouraged the banker ?
The banker thanked the judges ?
The scientist advised the banker ?
The tourist thanked the manager ?
The managers advised the athlete ?
The lawyers recommended the doctor ?
The professor helped the doctors ?
The scientist recommended the doctor ?
The secretary saw the managers ?
The tourists advised the presidents ?
The judges recognized the president ?
The students recommended the lawyer ?
The judges believed the artist ?
The bankers supported the doctor ?
The senator encouraged the professor ?
The artists believed the president ?
The tourist believed the authors ?
The artists admired the secretaries ?
The students contacted the actors ?
The authors avoided the professor ?
The actors introduced the managers ?
The athletes recognized the banker ?
The actors avoided the senators ?
The secretaries thanked the artist ?
The bankers called the doctor ?
The president advised the authors ?
The professors admired the managers ?
The actors saw the author ?
The tourists admired the athletes ?
The professors recommended the student ?
The secretaries encouraged the actors ?
The managers encouraged the lawyer ?
The tourist supported the authors ?
The athlete contacted the tourists ?
The president encouraged the actor ?
The professor mentioned the artist ?
The manager knew the tourists ?
The manager knew the athlete ?
The professors performed ?
The doctors supported the authors ?
The senators shouted ?
The scientist ran ?
The scientist presented in the school ?
The athletes presented in the library ?
The managers presented in the laboratory ?
The students fought the secretary ?
The scientists admired the doctors ?
The banker saw the author ?
The scientists believed the lawyers ?
The authors avoided the managers ?
Students introduced the judges ?
Judges saw the athletes ?
The presidents paid ?
The authors ate ?
The managers admired the authors ?
The artists avoided the athlete ?
The secretaries advised the senators ?
The authors thanked the athletes ?
The doctors stopped the author ?
The professor danced ?
The tourist saw the scientist ?
The athlete slept ?
The actor recommended the lawyers ?
The athletes helped the judges ?
The tourists avoided the student ?
The tourists avoided the doctors ?
The presidents ran ?
The doctor recognized the author ?
The actor recognized the professor ?
The senator danced ?
The students slept ?
The students ran ?
The tourists introduced the presidents ?
The students contacted the senators ?
The secretary performed ?
The scientists recognized the lawyer ?
The author encouraged the actors ?
The doctors saw the secretary ?
