The young boys are playing outdoors and the man is smiling nearby .
A person in a black jacket is doing tricks on a motorbike .
Four children are doing backbends in the gym .
A player is throwing the ball .
Five children are standing in front of a wooden hut .
Few people are eating at red tables in a restaurant without lights .
Someone is on a black and white motorcycle and is standing on the seat .
Two dogs are playing by a tree .
A girl in white is dancing .
There is no girl in white dancing .
The equipment in front of the blond dancing girl is sound .
A girl in white is dancing .
The children of a family are playing and waiting .
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is doing a joyful dance .
A boy is standing outside the water .
A bald person is playing a guitar .
An old, topless woman is covered in paint .
A group of children in uniforms is standing at a gate and there is no one kissing the mother .
A brown and white dog is running through the tall grass .
A white and tan dog is running through the tall and green grass .
A man is sitting near a bike and is writing a note .
A group of scouts are hiking through the grass .
Two men are taking a break from a trip on a snowy road .
A lady is surfing and riding a wave .
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike .
The woman wearing silver pants, pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf is riding a bike .
A biker is wearing gear which is black .
A woman is taking off a cloak, which is very large, and revealing an extravagant dress .
A boy is climbing up a wall artificially built for climbing and is attached to a rope .
A man isn't tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean .
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope .
A person is climbing a rock with a rope, which is pink .
One white dog is staring at the black street .
A few men in a competition are running outside .
A few men in a competition are running outside .
The kid is happily sliding in the snow .
A woman, who is old, is near a white dog .
A group of people is equipped with protective gear .
One white dog and one black one are running side by side on the grass .
Not a lot of people are in an ice skating park .
The girl in the blue and white uniform is cheering .
A woman is being kissed by a man .
The girl in the red shirt is blowing a bubble .
Some corndogs are being eaten by two toddlers who are in a wagon, which is really small .
A man is getting on a horse on a track laid in the wild .
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy .
A talk about an adult and a boy is given in the amphitheater .
The snowboarder isn't leaping over white snow .
A woman is riding a horse .
A fish is hunting for a turtle in the sea .
A potato is being sliced by a woman .
A woman is combing her hair .
A woman is combing her hair .
A man and a woman are hiking through a wooded area .
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods .
A man is slicing a bun .
A woman is dancing and singing alone .
Some women are dancing and singing .
A woman is dancing and singing with other women .
A band is playing on a stage .
A man is playing flute .
The woman is measuring the other woman .
A person is standing near a motorcycle .
A man is screaming .
A sad man is crying .
A woman is cutting shrimps .
Men are sawing logs .
A man is talking on the radio .
Three young men are running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine .
Three men are jumping off a wall .
The man is not stirring the sauce for the chicken .
A man is playing an electric guitar .
A man is playing a guitar .
Three boys in karate costumes aren't fighting .
Three men are practicing karate outdoors .
A woman is planting some flowers .
A hole is being burrowed by the badger .
A snake is being fed a mouse by a man .
Some ingredients are being mixed in a bowl by a person .
A boat is sailing peacefully over the water .
The milk is being drunk by a cat .
A man is emptying a container made of plastic completely .
A man is emptying a container made of plastic .
A flute is being played in a lovely way by a girl .
The adult is playing the guitar loudly .
A man is playing the guitar loudly .
The girl, who is little, is carefully combing her hair into a pony tail .
One man is sitting on the chair .
The microphone in front of the talking parrot is being muted .
The kittens on the trays are being eaten as food for an advertisement .
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens .
One person is playing the guitar and singing .
The horse is being ridden by a man .
A man is dangerously throwing knives at a tree .
A lady is cutting up some meat precisely .
The man is denying an interview .
The man is granting an interview .
A small boy is scolding a dog .
The picture of a camera set up is being taken by a man on the beach at the sunset .
A woman is sewing with a machine .