There is no boy playing outdoors and there is no man smiling .
A skilled person is riding a bicycle on one wheel .
Four girls are doing backbends and playing outdoors .
Two teams are competing in a football match .
Five children are standing in a wooden hut .
A large group of Asian people is eating at a restaurant .
A motorcycle is riding standing up on the seat of the vehicle .
Two dogs are playing by a plant .
A girl is wearing white clothes and is dancing .
A girl in white is dancing .
A girl in white is dancing .
The blond girl is dancing in front of the sound equipment .
An Asian man is dancing and three kids are looking .
A hiker is on top of the mountain and is dancing .
The boy is wading through the blue ocean .
A person has blonde and flyaway hair and is playing a guitar .
A young, topless woman is covered in paint .
A crowd of people is near the water .
A brown and white dog is moving through the wild grass .
A white and tan dog is running through a field .
A man is standing near a bike and is writing on a piece paper .
A group of explorers are walking through the grass .
Two men with cars are on the side of a snowy road .
A blond girl is looking at the waves .
Pink bellbottoms and a pink scarf aren't to be worn by women with silver pants or bike riding people .
A pedestrian woman is building pink bicycles for boa wearing riders .
A biker wearing black is breaking the gears .
A woman is putting on a cloak, which is very large, and concealing an extravagant dress .
A little boy, who looks fearful, is on a climbing wall.
The man is tossing a kid into the swimming pool that is near the ocean .
A person with pink climbing gear roped the rock .
One man is climbing a cliff with a rope .
Two dogs of different breeds are looking at each other across a street .
A few men in a competition are running indoors .
A few men are running competitions outside .
A boy on a hill covered in snow is wearing a red jacket and a black hat and is sliding on his knees .
A woman and a dog are sitting on a tree stump .
A group of people is equipped with gear used for protection .
A dog, which has a black coat, and a white dog are running on the grass .
An ice skating rink placed outdoors is full of people .
The girl is cheering the man in the blue and white uniform .
There is no woman being kissed by a man .
The young girl is blowing a bubble that is huge .
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a wagon, which is really small .
A horse is tossing the cowboy wearing pants of blue and red color .
There is no adult in the amphitheater talking to a boy .
An adult is in the amphitheater and is talking to a boy .
A person who is practicing snowboarding jumps into the air .
A man is opening a small package that contains headphones .
The turtle is following the fish .
A woman is slicing a carrot .
A woman is arranging her hair .
There is no woman combing her hair .
A man and a woman are walking together through the woods .
A man and a woman are walking through a wooded area .
A man is slicing a tomato .
A woman is dancing and singing with other women .
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain .
A band is playing onstage .
A man is playing a game with a ball .
A woman is being measured by another woman .
A person is chopping an onion .
A man is scared .
A man is screaming .
A man is chopping butter into a small container .
Men are cutting wood .
A man is spitting .
There is no man running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine .
Three young men are furiously running, jumping and kicking near a vending machine .
The man is stirring the sauce for the chicken .
A man is playing guitar .
A man is strumming a guitar .
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting .
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting .
A woman is cutting broccoli .
A badger is shrewdly digging the earth .
No snake is being fed a mouse by a man .
Some ingredients are being separated in a bowl by a person .
The guitar is being played by the man .
The cat is drinking some milk .
A man is emptying a container made of plastic .
A man is carelessly holding a frog .
A flute is being played by a girl .
A flute is being played by a man .
A flute isn't being played by a man .
The girl, who is little, is combing her hair into a pony tail.
The girl, who is little, is ruffling her hair .
The parrot is talking into the microphone .
The food on the trays is being eaten by the kittens .
A few kittens are eating .
A person is playing a guitar and singing .
A man is riding the horse .
Some dangerous men with knives are throwing a bike against a tree .
Some meat is being cut into pieces by a woman .
The man is granting an interview .
A man's white car is being driven away .
A small boy is playing with a dog .
A man is taking pictures of a lake .
A woman is using a machine made for sewing .