The president advised the doctor .
The student saw the managers .
The professors supported the tourists in front of the secretary .
The senators supported the secretary in front of the doctor .
The judges admired the senator behind the professor .
The professor supported the manager in front of the banker .
The judge in front of the manager saw the doctors .
The president next to the professor stopped the doctor .
The judges by the tourists called the artists .
The students by the judge helped the president .
The secretaries next to the lawyer advised the scientist .
The judges helped the athletes near the president .
The judge by the manager contacted the senator .
The senator avoided the bankers by the scientist .
The actors who advised the manager saw the tourists .
The student who the senators thanked stopped the scientist .
The judges admired the lawyers that supported the secretaries .
The authors contacted the tourist that saw the professor .
The tourists who the lawyer helped encouraged the judges .
The actors helped the senators who thanked the professors .
The manager who the tourists advised introduced the judge .
The lawyer saw the senators that recommended the tourists .
The bankers admired the lawyer that the students supported .
The lawyers that contacted the tourists recognized the actors .
The judges who admired the student helped the authors .
The author thanked the secretary that encouraged the athlete .
The scientists believed the athlete that the actor introduced .
The author believed the lawyers that the managers introduced .
The secretaries helped the managers who the lawyers recommended .
The judges who contacted the secretary encouraged the athlete .
The artists that contacted the actor saw the scientist .
The professor that helped the students contacted the athletes .
The senator admired the artists who helped the manager .
The lawyers advised the professors that the student encouraged .
The banker who the artist recommended encouraged the athlete .
The judges who the tourist stopped thanked the banker .
The athlete who the banker called advised the scientist .
The manager thanked the tourist that the doctors stopped .
The managers were advised by the athlete .
The lawyers were recommended by the doctor .
The professor was helped by the doctors .
The scientist was recommended by the doctor .
The secretary and the managers saw the actor .
The doctors advised the presidents and the tourists .
The authors recognized the president and the judges .
The students and the lawyer recommended the secretary .
The athlete believed the judges and the artist .
The scientist supported the bankers and the doctor .
The professor and the senator encouraged the scientist .
The president and the artists believed the secretary .
The judges recommended the tourist that believed the authors .
The tourist advised the artists who admired the secretaries .
The actors that the students contacted admired the lawyer .
The judge admired the professor who the authors avoided .
The secretary advised the managers who the actors introduced .
The banker who the athletes recognized thanked the authors .
The actors who avoided the senators encouraged the professor .
The secretaries who thanked the artist called the tourists .
The bankers near the secretary called the doctor .
The president in front of the professor advised the authors .
The professors who introduced the lawyers admired the managers .
The actors that danced saw the author .
The tourists and the senators admired the athletes .
The professors and the lawyers recommended the student .
The secretaries encouraged the scientists and the actors .
The managers encouraged the senator and the lawyer .
The authors were supported by the tourist .
The tourists were contacted by the athlete .
The actor was encouraged by the president .
The artist was mentioned by the professor .
The manager knew the tourists supported the author .
The manager knew the athlete mentioned the actor .
The managers next to the professors performed .
The actors behind the doctors supported the authors .
The artists that supported the senators shouted .
The presidents who stopped the scientist ran .
The scientist presented in the school stopped the artists .
The athletes presented in the library mentioned the secretary .
The actor helped the managers presented in the laboratory .
When the students fought the secretary ran .
The tourist and the scientists admired the doctors .
The professor and the banker saw the author .
The scientists believed the lawyers and the professor .
The authors avoided the managers and the actors .
Important students introduced the judges .
Helpful judges saw the athletes .
The presidents paid the scientists .
The authors ate the rice .
The managers admired the authors who called the actor .
The artists avoided the athlete that helped the lawyers .
The secretaries advised the senators by the athletes .
The authors thanked the athletes in front of the lawyers .
In case the doctors stopped the author , the bankers helped the manager .
Whether or not the professor danced , the student waited .
Unless the professor slept , the tourist saw the scientist .
If the managers advised the artist , the athlete slept .
The actor recommended the lawyers , or the managers stopped the author .
The student mentioned the artist , or the athletes helped the judges .
The senator admired the authors , or the tourists avoided the student .
The tourists avoided the doctors , or the scientist resigned .
Before the presidents ran , the tourist shouted .
Though the doctor recognized the author , the banker supported the lawyers .
Since the athletes shouted , the actor recognized the professor .
After the manager encouraged the secretaries , the senator danced .
The managers knew that the students slept .
The professors knew that the students ran .
The senator saw the authors , and the tourists introduced the presidents .
The students contacted the senators , and the bankers arrived .
The secretary performed , and the president danced .
The judges shouted , and the scientists recognized the lawyer .
Clearly the author encouraged the actors .
Of course the doctors saw the secretary .
