Smith knew that ITEL had won the contract in 1992.
It is true that ITEL won the contract in 1992.
All Canadian residents can travel freely within Europe. Every Canadian resident is a resident of the North American continent.
John spoke to Mary on Monday. Bill didn't.
In March 1993 APCOM founded ITEL.
Bill spoke to everyone that John did. John spoke to Mary.
Both female commissioners used to be in business.
Smith lived in Birmingham in 1991.
All elephants are large animals. Dumbo is a small elephant.
Dumbo is a large animal.
ITEL won more orders than the APCOM contract.
John said Bill had hurt himself.
Few female committee members are from southern Europe.
Each European can travel freely within Europe. Every European is a person. Every person who has the right to live in Europe can travel freely within Europe.
Just one accountant attended the meeting.
It is false that ITEL won the contract in 1992.
In two years Smith owned a chain of businesses.
John owns a car. Bill owns one too.
ITEL won more orders than APCOM.
ITEL has made a loss since 1992. It is now 1996.
Bill suggested to Frank's boss that they should go to the meeting together, and Carl to Alan's wife.
ITEL was winning the contract from APCOM in 1993.
Two out of ten machines are missing. They have been removed.
ITEL won more orders than APCOM lost.
Smith was running his own business in two years.
Fido is not a large animal.
John spoke to Mary. And to Sue.
Smith ran his own business for two years.
Smith claimed he had costed his proposal and so did Jones.
Some delegates finished the survey on time.
An Irishman won the Nobel prize for literature.
John is a former successful university student.
At least three commissioners spend a lot of time at home.
In two years Smith owned a chain of businesses.
At most ten commissioners spend a lot of time at home.
Several great tenors are British.
There are 100 companies. ICM is one of the companies and owns 150 computers. It does not have service contracts for any of its computers. Each of the other 99 companies owns one computer. They have service contracts for them.
A few great tenors sing popular music. Some great tenors like popular music.
ITEL won more orders than APCOM lost.
Smith swam. Jones swam. Smith swam before Jones swam.
The Ancient Greeks were all noted philosophers.
Every student used her workstation. Mary is a student.
Two out of ten machines are missing. They were all here yesterday.
Neither female commissioner spends a lot of time at home.
Smith was writing a report. Jones was writing a report. Smith was writing a report after Jones was writing a report.
Few committee members are from southern Europe. All committee members are people. All people who are from Portugal are from southern Europe.
Smith was running his own business in two years.
All legal authorities are law lecturers. All law lecturers are legal authorities.
No student used her workstation. Mary is a student.
ITEL never delivers reports late. In 1993 ITEL delivered reports.
Mary used her workstation.
Smith claimed he had costed his proposal and so did Jones.
Every executive who had a laptop computer brought it to take notes at the meeting. Smith is a executive who owns five different laptop computers.
John wrote a report, and Bill said Peter did too.
ITEL won more orders than APCOM. APCOM won ten orders.
All APCOM managers have company cars. Jones is an APCOM manager.
University graduates make poor stock-market traders. Smith is a university graduate.
The PC-6082 is faster than every ITEL computer. The ITEL-ZX is an ITEL computer.
Bill suggested to Frank's boss that they should go to the meeting together, and Carl to Alan's wife.
The Ancient Greeks were noted philosophers.
At most two tenors will contribute their fees to charity.
APCOM has a more important customer than ITEL.
Smith saw Jones sign the contract and his secretary make a copy.
John spoke to Mary at four o'clock. And Bill did at five o'clock.
While Jones was updating the program, Mary came in and told him about the board meeting. She finished before he did.
Every representative or client was at the meeting.
Every student used her workstation. Mary is a student.
Smith lost some files. They were destroyed when her hard disk crashed.
A lawyer signed every report, and so did an auditor. That is, there was one lawyer who signed all the reports.
All legal authorities are law lecturers. All law lecturers are legal authorities.